RECIPE: TUNA FISH SALAD

INGREDIENTS:
1/2 envelope Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
3/4 cup boiled salad dressing.
1/4 cup cold water.
1/2 teaspoon salt.
1 cup tuna fish.
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1/2 cup chopped celery.
2 teaspoons vinegar
1/2 green pepper, finely chopped.
Few grains cayenne.
2 tablespoonfuls chopped olives.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold water five minutes, and add to hot boiled salad dressing.
Cool, and add tuna fish, separated into flakes, celery, pepper (from which seeds have been removed), olives, salt, paprika, vinegar, and cayenne. Turn into six individual
molds, first dipped in cold water, and chill. Remove from molds to nests of lettuce
leaves, and garnish with slices cut from pimolas, diamond shaped pieces cut from green peppers, celery tips, and watercress.

RECIPE: CHEESE SALAD

INGREDIENTS:
1/2 Envelope Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
1/4 cup cold water
2 cream cheeses.
1/4 cup American cheese, cut in very small pieces.
1 cup heavy cream, beaten until stiff.
3/4 teaspoon salt.
1/8 teaspoon paprika.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold water five minutes, and dissolve over hot water. Work cream cheese until smooth, add American cheese, whipped cream, and soaked gela-
tine. Season with salt and paprika, turn into individual molds, first dipped in cold
water, and chill. Serve on lettuce leaves, and garnish with mayonnaise.

RECIPE: TOMATO JELLY

INGREDIENTS:
1 envelope Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
1/2 cup cold water.
3 1/2 cups tomatoes.
1/2 onion.
1/2 bay leaf.
1 stalk celery.
2 cloves.
Few grains cayenne.
2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar.
Few grains salt.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold water five minutes. Mix remaining ingredients, except
vinegar, bring to boiling point and let boil ten minutes. Add vinegar and soaked
gelatine, and when gelatine dissolved, strain. Turn into a mold, first dipped in
cold water, and chill. Remove from mold to bed of crisp lettuce leaves and garnish
with mayonnaise dressing, forced through a pastry bag and tube; or the jelly may
be cut in any desired shapes and used as a garnish for salads or cold meats.

RECIPE: ASPIC JELLY

INGREDIENTS:
2 envelopes Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
2 tablespoons each carrot, onion, and celery, cut into small pieces.
2 sprigs each parsley and thyme.
1 stalk savory
2 cloves.
1 bay leaf.
1/2 teaspoon peppercorns.
1/2 cup Madeira wine.
1 quart brown stock.
1 cup cold water.
3 tablespoons lemon juice.
Whites of three eggs, slightly beaten.
Salt.
Cayenne.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Put carrot, onion, celery, parsley, thyme, savory, cloves, bay leaf, peppercorns
and wine in saucepan, bringing to the boiling point, and let boil eight minutes; then
strain. To brown stock add strained liquid, gelatine soaked in cold water five min-
utes, lemon juice, whites of eggs, slightly beaten, and salt and cayenne to taste.
Stir constantly until boiling point is reached, and let stand on back of range twenty
minutes; then strain and chill. One-quarter cup brandy may be added if desired.

RECIPE: VEAL LOAF

INGREDIENTS:
1 envelope Knox Acidulated Gelatine.
1 cup cold water.
2 cups stock, well seasoned.
1 onion, peeled and sliced.
1 stalk celery.
2 cups chopped cold cooked veal, ham, beef, or chicken.
1/3 cup canned pimentoes, cut in thin strips.
1/2 tablespoonful finely chopped parsely.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine and one-half teaspoonful of the lemon flavoring found in the
Acidulated Package in cold water five minutes. Add onion and celery to stock,
bring to the boiling point, let boil three minutes, and pour over soaked gelatine.
when mixture begins to stiffen, add meat, pimentoes, and chopped parsely. Turn
into brick mold, first dipped in cold water, and chill. Remove from mold, and cut
in slices for serving.

RECIPE: CHICKEN CREAM SALAD

INGREDIENTS:
1/2 envelope Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
1/4 cup cold chicken stock.
3/4 cup hot chicken stock, highly seasoned.
1 cup cooked chicken, cut in dice.
1 cup heavy cream.
Salt and pepper.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold stock, dissolve in hot stock, and strain. When mixture
begins to thicken, beat, using an egg beater, until frothy; then add cream, beaten
until stiff, and chicken dice. Season with salt and pepper. Turn into one-fourth
pound baking powder tins, first dipped in cold water, and chill.

RECIPE: ORANGE CHARLOTTE

INGREDIENTS:
1/2 envelope Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
1/4 cup cold water.
1/2 cup boiling water.
1 cup sugar.
2 tablespoons lemon juice.
1 cup orange juice and pulp.
Whites of three eggs.
Lady fingers.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold water five minutes and dissolve in boiling water. Add
sugar, and when dissolved add lemon juice. Strain, cool slightly and add orange juice
and pulp. When mixture begins to stiffen beat, using a wire whisk, until light; then
add whites of eggs, beaten until stiff, and beat thoroughly. Turn into mold lined
with lady fingers. One pint whipped cream may be used in place of whites of eggs.

RECIPE: PORT WINE JELLY

INGREDIENTS:
3/4 teaspoonful Knox Sparkling Gelatine.
1/2 tablespoonful cold water.
1 clove.
1 inch piece stick cinnamon.
1/3 cup port wine.
1 teaspoonful lemon juice.
1/2 tablespoon sugar.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Soak gelatine in cold water three minutes. Cook clove, cinnamon, and port wine ten
minutes, in top of double boiler, add soaked gelatine, and as soon as gelatine has
dissolved, add lemon juice and sugar. Strain through double cheese cloth, mold and
chill. Remove to serving plate, and garnish with whipped cream, sweetened and flavored
with vanilla.
